Product Icon Reference
Visual Studio Code contains a set of built-in icons that are used in views and the editor, but can also be used in hovers, the status bar, and by extensions. These icons are product icons as opposed to file icons, which are used next to file names throughout the UI.

The product icons that ship with VS Code are contained in the Codicon icon font and form the default product icon theme. Extensions can provide new Product Icon Themes to redefine these icons and give VS Code a new appearance.

In order to allow this, all product icons are identified by an ID. The icon identifier is what's used in UI components in labels ($(pencil)), in the API as ThemeIcon and in contributions when icons are needed.

The association of icon identifier to an actual icon font glyph happens the product icon theme.

Icons in labels
Icons can be used in Markdown labels in hovers, in the StatusBarItem text and QuickPickItem label API. The syntax for adding an icon in Markdown is $(iconIdentifier):

$(alert);
Copy
You can also embed text and use multiple icons:

$(eye) $(heart) $(mark-github) GitHub
Copy
To place a literal ${...} text inside a label, escape the $ with a backslash:

\$(eye)
Copy
Animation
You can apply a spinning animation to the following icons by appending ~spin to the icon name:

sync
loading
gear
$(sync~spin)
Copy
Icon contribution point
The icon contribution point allow extensions to define additional icons by ID, along with a default icon. The icon ID can then be used by the extension (or any other extensions that depend on the extension) in labels ($(iconId)) or at all places where a ThemeIcon can be used (new ThemeIcon("iconId")).

"contributes": {
  "icons": {
        "distro-ubuntu": {
            "description": "Ubuntu icon",
            "default": {
                "fontPath": "./distroicons.woff",
                "fontCharacter": "\\E001"
            }
        },
        "distro-fedora": {
            "description": "Ubuntu icon",
            "default": {
                "fontPath": "./distroicons.woff",
                "fontCharacter": "\\E002"
            }
        }
    }
}
Copy
Product icon themes can redefine the icon (if they know about the icon ID).

Icon Listing
Below is a listing of the built-in product icons by identifier.

The ID of the icon identifies the location where the icon is used. The default codicon ID describes which icon from the codicon library is used by default, and the preview shows what that icon looks like.

Product Icon Themes can replace each icon individually, as well as all icons from the codicon library.

preview	identifier	default codicon ID	description
accounts-view-bar-icon	account	Accounts icon in the view bar.
breakpoints-activate	activate-breakpoints	Icon for the activate action in the breakpoints view.
breakpoints-remove-all	close-all	Icon for the Remove All action in the breakpoints view.
breakpoints-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the breakpoints view.
callhierarchy-incoming	call-incoming	Icon for incoming calls in the call hierarchy view.
callhierarchy-outgoing	call-outgoing	Icon for outgoing calls in the call hierarchy view.
callstack-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the call stack view.
callstack-view-session	bug	Icon for the session icon in the call stack view.
chat-editor-label-icon	comment-discussion	Icon of the chat editor label.
comments-view-icon	comment-discussion	View icon of the comments view.
debug-breakpoint	debug-breakpoint	Icon for breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-conditional	debug-breakpoint-conditional	Icon for conditional breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-conditional-disabled	debug-breakpoint-conditional-disabled	Icon for disabled conditional breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-conditional-unverified	debug-breakpoint-conditional-unverified	Icon for unverified conditional breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-data	debug-breakpoint-data	Icon for data breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-data-disabled	debug-breakpoint-data-disabled	Icon for disabled data breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-data-unverified	debug-breakpoint-data-unverified	Icon for unverified data breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-disabled	debug-breakpoint-disabled	Icon for disabled breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-function	debug-breakpoint-function	Icon for function breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-function-disabled	debug-breakpoint-function-disabled	Icon for disabled function breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-function-unverified	debug-breakpoint-function-unverified	Icon for unverified function breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-log	debug-breakpoint-log	Icon for log breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-log-disabled	debug-breakpoint-log-disabled	Icon for disabled log breakpoint.
debug-breakpoint-log-unverified	debug-breakpoint-log-unverified	Icon for unverified log breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-unsupported	debug-breakpoint-unsupported	Icon for unsupported breakpoints.
debug-breakpoint-unverified	debug-breakpoint-unverified	Icon for unverified breakpoints.
debug-collapse-all	collapse-all	Icon for the collapse all action in the debug views.
debug-configure	gear	Icon for the debug configure action.
debug-console	debug-console	Icon for the debug console open action.
debug-console-clear-all	clear-all	Icon for the clear all action in the debug console.
debug-console-evaluation-input	arrow-small-right	Icon for the debug evaluation input marker.
debug-console-evaluation-prompt	chevron-right	Icon for the debug evaluation prompt.
debug-console-view-icon	debug-console	View icon of the debug console view.
debug-continue	debug-continue	Icon for the debug continue action.
debug-disconnect	debug-disconnect	Icon for the debug disconnect action.
debug-gripper	gripper	Icon for the debug bar gripper.
debug-hint	debug-hint	Icon for breakpoint hints shown on hover in editor glyph margin.
debug-pause	debug-pause	Icon for the debug pause action.
debug-restart	debug-restart	Icon for the debug restart action.
debug-restart-frame	debug-restart-frame	Icon for the debug restart frame action.
debug-reverse-continue	debug-reverse-continue	Icon for the debug reverse continue action.
debug-stackframe	debug-stackframe	Icon for a stackframe shown in the editor glyph margin.
debug-stackframe-focused	debug-stackframe-focused	Icon for a focused stackframe shown in the editor glyph margin.
debug-start	debug-start	Icon for the debug start action.
debug-step-back	debug-step-back	Icon for the debug step back action.
debug-step-into	debug-step-into	Icon for the debug step into action.
debug-step-out	debug-step-out	Icon for the debug step out action.
debug-step-over	debug-step-over	Icon for the debug step over action.
debug-stop	debug-stop	Icon for the debug stop action.
default-view-icon	window	Default view icon.
diff-editor-next-change	arrow-down	Icon for the next change action in the diff editor.
diff-editor-previous-change	arrow-up	Icon for the previous change action in the diff editor.
diff-editor-toggle-whitespace	whitespace	Icon for the toggle whitespace action in the diff editor.
diff-insert	add	Line decoration for inserts in the diff editor.
diff-remove	remove	Line decoration for removals in the diff editor.
diff-review-close	close	Icon for 'Close' in diff review.
diff-review-insert	add	Icon for 'Insert' in diff review.
diff-review-remove	remove	Icon for 'Remove' in diff review.
disassembly-editor-label-icon	debug	Icon of the disassembly editor label.
explorer-view-icon	files	View icon of the explorer view.
extensions-clear-search-results	clear-all	Icon for the 'Clear Search Result' action in the extensions view.
extensions-configure-recommended	pencil	Icon for the 'Configure Recommended Extensions' action in the extensions view.
extensions-editor-label-icon	extensions	Icon of the extension editor label.
extensions-filter	filter	Icon for the 'Filter' action in the extensions view.
extensions-info-message	info	Icon shown with an info message in the extensions editor.
extensions-install-count	cloud-download	Icon shown along with the install count in the extensions view and editor.
extensions-install-local-in-remote	cloud-download	Icon for the 'Install Local Extension in Remote' action in the extensions view.
extensions-install-workspace-recommended	cloud-download	Icon for the 'Install Workspace Recommended Extensions' action in the extensions view.
extensions-manage	gear	Icon for the 'Manage' action in the extensions view.
extensions-rating	star	Icon shown along with the rating in the extensions view and editor.
extensions-refresh	refresh	Icon for the 'Refresh' action in the extensions view.
extensions-remote	remote	Icon to indicate that an extension is remote in the extensions view and editor.
extensions-star-empty	star-empty	Empty star icon used for the rating in the extensions editor.
extensions-star-full	star-full	Full star icon used for the rating in the extensions editor.
extensions-star-half	star-half	Half star icon used for the rating in the extensions editor.
extensions-sync-enabled	sync	Icon to indicate that an extension is synced.
extensions-sync-ignored	sync-ignored	Icon to indicate that an extension is ignored when syncing.
extensions-view-icon	extensions	View icon of the extensions view.
extensions-warning-message	warning	Icon shown with a warning message in the extensions editor.
find-collapsed	chevron-right	Icon to indicate that the editor find widget is collapsed.
find-expanded	chevron-down	Icon to indicate that the editor find widget is expanded.
find-next-match	arrow-down	Icon for 'Find Next' in the editor find widget.
find-previous-match	arrow-up	Icon for 'Find Previous' in the editor find widget.
find-replace	replace	Icon for 'Replace' in the editor find widget.
find-replace-all	replace-all	Icon for 'Replace All' in the editor find widget.
find-selection	selection	Icon for 'Find in Selection' in the editor find widget.
folding-collapsed	chevron-right	Icon for collapsed ranges in the editor glyph margin.
folding-expanded	chevron-down	Icon for expanded ranges in the editor glyph margin.
getting-started-beginner	lightbulb	Icon used for the beginner category of getting started
getting-started-codespaces	github	Icon used for the codespaces category of getting started
getting-started-item-checked	pass-filled	Used to represent getting started items which have been completed
getting-started-item-unchecked	circle-large-outline	Used to represent getting started items which have not been completed
getting-started-setup	heart	Icon used for the setup category of getting started
goto-next-location	arrow-down	Icon for goto next editor location.
goto-previous-location	arrow-up	Icon for goto previous editor location.
keybindings-add	add	Icon for the add action in the keybinding UI.
keybindings-edit	edit	Icon for the edit action in the keybinding UI.
keybindings-editor-label-icon	keyboard	Icon of the keybindings editor label.
keybindings-record-keys	record-keys	Icon for the 'record keys' action in the keybinding UI.
keybindings-sort	sort-precedence	Icon for the 'sort by precedence' toggle in the keybinding UI.
loaded-scripts-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the loaded scripts view.
marker-navigation-next	chevron-down	Icon for goto next marker.
marker-navigation-previous	chevron-up	Icon for goto previous marker.
markers-view-filter	filter	Icon for the filter configuration in the markers view.
markers-view-icon	warning	View icon of the markers view.
markers-view-multi-line-collapsed	chevron-down	Icon indicating that multiple lines are collapsed in the markers view.
markers-view-multi-line-expanded	chevron-up	Icon indicating that multiple lines are shown in the markers view.
multi-diff-editor-label-icon	diff-multiple	Icon of the multi diff editor label.
notebook-clear	clear-all	Icon to clear cell outputs in notebook editors.
notebook-collapsed	chevron-right	Icon to annotate a collapsed section in notebook editors.
notebook-delete-cell	trash	Icon to delete a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-edit	pencil	Icon to edit a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-execute	play	Icon to execute in notebook editors.
notebook-execute-all	run-all	Icon to execute all cells in notebook editors.
notebook-expanded	chevron-down	Icon to annotate an expanded section in notebook editors.
notebook-kernel-configure	settings-gear	Configure icon in kernel configuration widget in notebook editors.
notebook-kernel-select	server-environment	Configure icon to select a kernel in notebook editors.
notebook-mimetype	code	Icon for a mime type in notebook editors.
notebook-move-down	arrow-down	Icon to move down a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-move-up	arrow-up	Icon to move up a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-open-as-text	file-code	Icon to open the notebook in a text editor.
notebook-render-output	preview	Icon to render output in diff editor.
notebook-revert	discard	Icon to revert in notebook editors.
notebook-split-cell	split-vertical	Icon to split a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-state-error	error	Icon to indicate an error state in notebook editors.
notebook-state-success	check	Icon to indicate a success state in notebook editors.
notebook-stop	primitive-square	Icon to stop an execution in notebook editors.
notebook-stop-edit	check	Icon to stop editing a cell in notebook editors.
notebook-unfold	unfold	Icon to unfold a cell in notebook editors.
notifications-clear	close	Icon for the clear action in notifications.
notifications-clear-all	clear-all	Icon for the clear all action in notifications.
notifications-collapse	chevron-down	Icon for the collapse action in notifications.
notifications-configure	gear	Icon for the configure action in notifications.
notifications-expand	chevron-up	Icon for the expand action in notifications.
notifications-hide	chevron-down	Icon for the hide action in notifications.
open-editors-view-icon	book	View icon of the open editors view.
outline-view-icon	symbol-class	View icon of the outline view.
output-view-icon	output	View icon of the output view.
panel-close	close	Icon to close a panel.
panel-maximize	chevron-up	Icon to maximize a panel.
panel-restore	chevron-down	Icon to restore a panel.
parameter-hints-next	chevron-down	Icon for show next parameter hint.
parameter-hints-previous	chevron-up	Icon for show previous parameter hint.
ports-forward-icon	plus	Icon for the forward action.
ports-open-browser-icon	globe	Icon for the open browser action.
ports-stop-forward-icon	x	Icon for the stop forwarding action.
ports-view-icon	plug	View icon of the remote ports view.
preferences-clear-input	clear-all	Icon for clear input in the settings and keybinding UI.
preferences-open-settings	go-to-file	Icon for open settings commands.
private-ports-view-icon	lock	Icon representing a private remote port.
public-ports-view-icon	eye	Icon representing a public remote port.
refactor-preview-view-icon	lightbulb	View icon of the refactor preview view.
remote-explorer-documentation	book	Documentation icon in the remote explorer view.
remote-explorer-feedback	twitter	Feedback icon in the remote explorer view.
remote-explorer-get-started	star	Getting started icon in the remote explorer view.
remote-explorer-report-issues	comment	Report issue icon in the remote explorer view.
remote-explorer-review-issues	issues	Review issue icon in the remote explorer view.
remote-explorer-view-icon	remote-explorer	View icon of the remote explorer view.
review-comment-collapse	chevron-up	Icon to collapse a review comment.
run-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the Run and Debug view.
runtime-extensions-editor-label-icon	extensions	Icon of the runtime extensions editor label.
search-clear-results	clear-all	Icon for clear results in the search view.
search-collapse-results	collapse-all	Icon for collapse results in the search view.
search-details	ellipsis	Icon to make search details visible.
search-editor-label-icon	search	Icon of the search editor label.
search-expand-results	expand-all	Icon for expand results in the search view.
search-hide-replace	chevron-right	Icon to collapse the replace section in the search view.
search-new-editor	new-file	Icon for the action to open a new search editor.
search-refresh	refresh	Icon for refresh in the search view.
search-remove	close	Icon to remove a search result.
search-replace	replace	Icon for replace in the search view.
search-replace-all	replace-all	Icon for replace all in the search view.
search-show-context	list-selection	Icon for toggle the context in the search editor.
search-show-replace	chevron-down	Icon to expand the replace section in the search view.
search-stop	search-stop	Icon for stop in the search view.
search-view-icon	search	View icon of the search view.
settings-add	add	Icon for the add action in the Settings UI.
settings-discard	discard	Icon for the discard action in the Settings UI.
settings-edit	edit	Icon for the edit action in the Settings UI.
settings-editor-label-icon	settings	Icon of the settings editor label.
settings-folder-dropdown	triangle-down	Icon for the folder dropdown button in the split JSON Settings editor.
settings-group-collapsed	chevron-right	Icon for a collapsed section in the split JSON Settings editor.
settings-group-expanded	chevron-down	Icon for an expanded section in the split JSON Settings editor.
settings-more-action	gear	Icon for the 'more actions' action in the Settings UI.
settings-remove	close	Icon for the remove action in the Settings UI.
settings-sync-view-icon	sync	View icon of the Settings Sync view.
settings-view-bar-icon	settings-gear	Settings icon in the view bar.
source-control-view-icon	source-control	View icon of the Source Control view.
suggest-more-info	chevron-right	Icon for more information in the suggest widget.
tasks-list-configure	gear	Configuration icon in the tasks selection list.
tasks-remove	close	Icon for remove in the tasks selection list.
terminal-kill	trash	Icon for killing a terminal instance.
terminal-new	add	Icon for creating a new terminal instance.
terminal-rename	gear	Icon for rename in the terminal quick menu.
terminal-view-icon	terminal	View icon of the terminal view.
test-view-icon	beaker	View icon of the test view.
testing-cancel-icon	close	Icon to cancel ongoing test runs.
testing-debug-icon	debug-alt	Icon of the "debug test" action.
testing-error-icon	warning	Icon shown for tests that have an error.
testing-failed-icon	close	Icon shown for tests that failed.
testing-passed-icon	pass	Icon shown for tests that passed.
testing-queued-icon	watch	Icon shown for tests that are queued.
testing-run-all-icon	run-all	Icon of the "run all tests" action.
testing-run-icon	run	Icon of the "run test" action.
testing-show-as-list-icon	list-tree	Icon shown when the test explorer is disabled as a tree.
testing-skipped-icon	debug-step-over	Icon shown for tests that are skipped.
testing-unset-icon	circle-outline	Icon shown for tests that are in an unset state.
timeline-open	history	Icon for the open timeline action.
timeline-pin	pin	Icon for the pin timeline action.
timeline-refresh	refresh	Icon for the refresh timeline action.
timeline-unpin	pinned	Icon for the unpin timeline action.
timeline-view-icon	history	View icon of the timeline view.
variables-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the variables view.
view-pane-container-collapsed	chevron-right	Icon for a collapsed view pane container.
view-pane-container-expanded	chevron-down	Icon for an expanded view pane container.
watch-expressions-add	add	Icon for the add action in the watch view.
watch-expressions-add-function-breakpoint	add	Icon for the add function breakpoint action in the watch view.
watch-expressions-remove-all	close-all	Icon for the Remove All action in the watch view.
watch-view-icon	debug-alt	View icon of the watch view.
widget-close	close	Icon for the close action in widgets.
workspace-trust-editor-label-icon	shield	Icon of the workspace trust editor label.
The Codicon library contains all the icons used in VS Code views, as well as a set of useful icons.

VS Code extensions can use these icons in labels, views, and trees.

preview	identifier
account
activate-breakpoints
add
alert
archive
array
arrow-both
arrow-circle-down
arrow-circle-left
arrow-circle-right
arrow-circle-up
arrow-down
arrow-left
arrow-right
arrow-small-down
arrow-small-left
arrow-small-right
arrow-small-up
arrow-swap
arrow-up
azure-devops
azure
beaker-stop
beaker
bell
bell-dot
bell-slash
bell-slash-dot
bold
book
bookmark
bracket-dot
bracket-error
bracket
briefcase
broadcast
browser
bug
calendar
call-incoming
call-outgoing
case-sensitive
check
check-all
checklist
chevron-down
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-up
chip
chrome-close
chrome-maximize
chrome-minimize
chrome-restore
circle-filled
circle-large-filled
circle-large-outline
circle-outline
circle-slash
circuit-board
clear-all
clippy
clock
clone
close
close-all
close-dirty
cloud
cloud-download
cloud-upload
code
coffee
collapse-all
color-mode
combine
comment
comment-add
comment-discussion
comment-draft
comment-unresolved
compare-changes
compass-active
compass-dot
compass
console
copilot
copy
credit-card
dash
dashboard
database
debug-all
debug
debug-alt
debug-alt-small
debug-breakpoint
debug-breakpoint-conditional
debug-breakpoint-conditional-disabled
debug-breakpoint-conditional-unverified
debug-breakpoint-data
debug-breakpoint-data-disabled
debug-breakpoint-data-unverified
debug-breakpoint-disabled
debug-breakpoint-function
debug-breakpoint-function-disabled
debug-breakpoint-function-unverified
debug-breakpoint-log
debug-breakpoint-log-disabled
debug-breakpoint-log-unverified
debug-breakpoint-unsupported
debug-breakpoint-unverified
debug-console
debug-continue-small
debug-continue
debug-coverage
debug-disconnect
debug-hint
debug-line-by-line
debug-pause
debug-rerun
debug-restart
debug-restart-frame
debug-reverse-continue
debug-stackframe
debug-stackframe-active
debug-stackframe-dot
debug-stackframe-focused
debug-start
debug-step-back
debug-step-into
debug-step-out
debug-step-over
debug-stop
desktop-download
device-camera
device-camera-video
device-desktop
device-mobile
diff
diff-added
diff-ignored
diff-modified
diff-removed
diff-renamed
discard
edit
editor-layout
ellipsis
empty-window
error-small
error
exclude
expand-all
export
extensions
eye
eye-closed
eye-unwatch
eye-watch
feedback
file
file-add
file-binary
file-code
file-directory
file-directory-create
file-media
file-pdf
file-submodule
file-symlink-directory
file-symlink-file
file-text
file-zip
files
filter-filled
filter
flame
fold
fold-down
fold-up
folder
folder-active
folder-library
folder-opened
game
gather
gear
gift
gist
gist-fork
gist-new
gist-private
gist-secret
git-branch
git-branch-create
git-branch-delete
git-commit
git-compare
git-fetch
git-fork-private
git-merge
git-pull-request
git-pull-request-abandoned
git-pull-request-closed
git-pull-request-create
git-pull-request-draft
git-pull-request-new-changes
git-pull-request-go-to-changes
github
github-action
github-alt
github-inverted
globe
go-to-file
grabber
graph
graph-left
graph-line
graph-scatter
gripper
group-by-ref-type
heart
history
home
horizontal-rule
hubot
inbox
indent
info
insert
inspect
issue-closed
issue-draft
issue-opened
issue-reopened
issues
italic
jersey
json
kebab-horizontal
kebab-vertical
key
keyboard
law
layers-active
layers-dot
layers
layout-activitybar-left
layout-activitybar-right
layout-centered
layout-menubar
layout-panel-center
layout-panel-justify
layout-panel-left
layout-panel-right
layout-panel
layout-sidebar-left
layout-sidebar-right
layout-statusbar
layout
library
light-bulb
lightbulb
lightbulb-autofix
link
link-external
list-filter
list-flat
list-ordered
list-selection
list-tree
list-unordered
live-share
loading
location
lock-small
lock
log-in
log-out
logo-github
magnet
mail
mail-read
mail-reply
mark-github
markdown
megaphone
mention
menu
merge
mic
mic-filled
microscope
milestone
mirror
mirror-private
mirror-public
more
mortar-board
move
multiple-windows
music
mute
new-file
new-folder
newline
no-newline
note
notebook
notebook-template
octoface
open-preview
organization
organization-filled
organization-outline
output
package
paintcan
pass
pass-filled
pencil
person
person-add
person-filled
person-follow
person-outline
pie-chart
piano
pin
pinned
pinned-dirty
play
play-circle
plug
plus
preserve-case
preview
primitive-dot
primitive-square
project
pulse
question
quote
radio-tower
reactions
record
record-keys
record-small
redo
references
refresh
regex
remote
remote-explorer
remove
remove-close
repl
replace
replace-all
reply
repo
repo-clone
repo-create
repo-delete
repo-force-push
repo-forked
repo-pull
repo-push
repo-sync
report
request-changes
rocket
root-folder
root-folder-opened
rss
ruby
run
run-all
run-above
run-below
run-errors
save
save-all
save-as
screen-full
screen-normal
search
search-save
search-stop
search-fuzzy
selection
send
server
server-environment
server-process
settings
settings-gear
shield
sign-in
sign-out
smiley
snake
sparkle
sort-precedence
source-control
split-horizontal
split-vertical
squirrel
star
star-add
star-delete
star-empty
star-full
star-half
stop
stop-circle
symbol-array
symbol-boolean
symbol-class
symbol-color
symbol-constant
symbol-constructor
symbol-enum
symbol-enum-member
symbol-event
symbol-field
symbol-file
symbol-folder
symbol-function
symbol-interface
symbol-key
symbol-keyword
symbol-method
symbol-misc
symbol-module
symbol-namespace
symbol-null
symbol-number
symbol-numeric
symbol-object
symbol-operator
symbol-package
symbol-parameter
symbol-property
symbol-reference
symbol-ruler
symbol-snippet
symbol-string
symbol-struct
symbol-structure
symbol-text
symbol-type-parameter
symbol-unit
symbol-value
symbol-variable
sync
sync-ignored
tag-add
tag-remove
tag
target
tasklist
telescope
terminal-bash
terminal-cmd
terminal-debian
terminal-linux
terminal-powershell
terminal-tmux
terminal-ubuntu
terminal
text-size
three-bars
thumbsdown
thumbsdown-filled
thumbsup
thumbsup-filled
tools
trash
trashcan
triangle-down
triangle-left
triangle-right
triangle-up
twitter
type-hierarchy
type-hierarchy-sub
type-hierarchy-super
unfold
ungroup-by-ref-type
unlock
unmute
unverified
variable
verified-filled
verified
versions
vm
vm-active
vm-connect
vm-outline
vm-running
vr
warning
watch
whitespace
whole-word
window
word-wrap
workspace-trusted
workspace-unknown
workspace-untrusted
wrench
wrench-subaction
x
zap
zoom-in
zoom-out
